a.	What is source control and how is it used in project development?

    A source control system (also known as a Revision Control System or version control system) is a repository of files, 
    often the files for the source code of computer programs, with monitored access. 
    Every change made to the source is tracked, along with who made the change, why they made it, 
    and references to problems fixed, or enhancements introduced, by the change.
    
    Version control systems are essential for any form of distributed, collaborative development. 
    Whether it is the history of a wiki page or large software development project, 
    the ability to track each change as it was made, 
    and to reverse changes when necessary can make all the difference between a well managed and 
    controlled process and an uncontrolled ‘first come, first served’ system. 
    It can also serve as a mechanism for due diligence for software projects.

b.	What does it mean to "clone" a repository from Github?
    
    To copy a git repository so you can add to it.
    If you need to collaborate with someone on a project, 
    or if you want to get a copy of a project so you can look at or use the code, 
    you will clone it. You simply run the "git clone [url]" command with the URL of the project you want to copy.

c.	What is Github and why should we use it?
    
    GitHub is a web-based interface for collaborating on software and documentation projects. 
    It provides version control, issue tracking, and wiki space for hosted projects. GitHub uses Git, 
    a distributed version control system used in the Linux kernel, the Android mobile platform, 
    and other projects. GitHub offers both paid plans for private repositories, 
    and free accounts for open source projects.
    
    Every change made to the source is tracked, along with who made the change, why they made it, 
    and references to problems fixed, or enhancements introduced, by the change. Using Github unifies us programmers, 
    we work as a team and helps us learn from one another.
    
   

